[s] Guide on how to mirror Pull requests from TG (#4185)
NovaSector/NovaSector: modular_nova/mirroring_guide.md

[Git-Fork](https://git-fork.com/) - A really good GUI client, will be used is the second part of the tutorial for the faster method of doing the mirroring, It has a useful GUI, the only downside is it costs money, which is a one time payment fee, whereas the commandline is free jsut slower.

### *Optionally*

[Github Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/download/) - Decent GUI client, though doesn't handle doing cherry picking from across different repos very easily. It is much better at doing branch managment and also testing out Pull Requests.

## Command line Guide

This portion will cover command line commands you need to execute, relativly simple and easy but takes some time and copy pasting hashs. You need to add TG as a remote for tracking so git knows where to pull the PR's from as well as being able to fetch all the changed pushed to their repo.

First Command to run
`git remote add tgstation https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation`

This will ad TG's repo under the name of tgstation, that way its changes will be tracked when it gets fetched and can be cherry picked. From here we need to fetch the repo.

`git fetch tgstation`

> This as stated above will fetch TG, it wont download the whole repo, but it will add tracking for all the hashs for PR's and all changes.

Reviewer: > it wont download the whole repo

This isn't true is it? I believe unless you specify a `--depth` then you get the whole repo (just no working directory, in this case- but that isn't something that gets downloaded)

Author: > > it wont download the whole repo
> 
> This isn't true is it? I believe unless you specify a `--depth` then you get the whole repo (just no working directory, in this case- but that isn't something that gets downloaded)

as far as i know, it doesnt add an extra few gb to your downloaded file size, their repo and ours are a few GB in size, adding remote tracking doesnt double the size on disk

From here Simply go to any merged TG PR and you need to grab two hashs to do two different cherry picks.

Using this Pull Request as an [Example](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/pull/85448)

You would want to scroll down to the bottom of the page and look for the merge commit. It would look like this:

![Screenshot](http://files.byondhome.com/SomeRandomOwl/firefox_mkROS7ApgD.png)

Simply click on the random string of letters/numbers, and in the url address bar copy the large random string thats just after /commit/

> In this example it should look like this. `281dac4ed0e2976cdecb4777c93a19bc9b787db4`

Reviewer: Just the first handful of characters (visible from the screenshot) is generally enough, as a random note. Goes for the changelog as well.

Also, I can't remember if it has extra required dependencies, but git comes with `gitk` which can be be a decent alternative
<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

`gitk tgstation/master&` (the `&` optionally makes it a non blocking command)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1a127982-2662-4ec1-a1b3-2feb1c735a9a)

</details>

Author: Ive never used that GUI before, if you want to add a section to the guide specifically for that one, you can just try to keep to the format i have here

Then look for the Automatic Changelog for the PR as pictured below.

![Screenshot](http://files.byondhome.com/SomeRandomOwl/firefox_OfwBeopgiw.png)

On that you can click on the words automatic changelog or the random hash at the far right, both works.
In this example the hash for the changelog is this. `66bc14224557ad041d4a146cf1bb079994740787`

Once you have both of those hashs copied down somewhere it is back to doing git commands.

> * Make a new branch on your fork with the command `git checkout -b [Insert name of branch here]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make a new branch on your fork with the command `git switch -c [Insert name of branch here]`
```

* Publish the branch to your fork with this command `git push origin [The name of the branch]`

This will make a new branch and ensure you are editing it now to add the PR in do the following

> * The PR itself `git cherry-pick -m 1 281dac4ed0e2976cdecb4777c93a19bc9b787db4`
> * The PR changelog `git cherry-pick -m 1 66bc14224557ad041d4a146cf1bb079994740787`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The PR itself `git cherry-pick 281dac4ed0e2976cdecb4777c93a19bc9b787db4`
* The PR changelog `git cherry-pick 66bc14224557ad041d4a146cf1bb079994740787`
```
`-m` is only needed for (non-squash) merge commits, unless we want to cover the very off chance that becomes relevant
